# The tidy dataset generated from the UCI HAR Dataset

In this codebook, each entry actually describes six or two features. The heading for most entries will look like `tBodyAcc-[mean|std]-[XYZ]` which means that what follows is a description for these six features:  `tBodyAcc-mean()-X`, `tBodyAcc-mean()-Y`, `tBodyAcc-mean()-Z`, `tBodyAcc-std()-X`, `tBodyAcc-std()-Y`, `tBodyAcc-std()-Z`. The heading for a few entries will look like `tBodyAccMag-[mean|std]` which means that what follows is a descrption for these two features: `tBodyAccMag-mean()` and `tBodyAccMag-std()`.

All the values are real numbers between `0.0` and `1.0`.

### tBodyAcc-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for Body Linear Acceleration in the X,Y and Z coordinates, in the time domain. This was generated by the Accelerometer.

### fBodyAcc-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for Body Linear Acceleration in the X,Y and Z coordinates, in the frequency domain. This was generated by the Accelerometer.

### tGravityAcc-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for Gravity Linear Acceleration in the X, Y and Z coordinates, in the time domain. This was generated by the Accelerometer.

### tBodyAccJerk-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for the Body Linear Acceleration Jerk (a derivative of the acceleration) in the X, Y and Z coordinates, in the time domain. This was generated by the Accelerometer.

### fBodyAccJerk-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for the Body Linear Acceleration Jerk (a derivative of the acceleration) in the X, Y and Z coordinates, in the frequency domain. This was generated by the Accelerometer.

### tBodyGyro-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for the Body Angular Acceleration in the X, Y and Z coordinates, in the time domain. This was generated by the Gyroscope.

### fBodyGyro-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for the Body Angular Acceleration in the X, Y and Z coordinates, in the frequency domain. This was generated by the Gyroscope.

### tBodyGyroJerk-[mean|std]-[XYZ]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation for the Body Angular Acceleration Jerk (a derivative of the acceleration) in the X, Y, and Z coordinates, in the time domain. This was generated by the Gyroscope.

### tBodyAccMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Linear Acceleration, in the time domain.

### fBodyAccMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Linear Acceleration, in the frequency domain.

### tGravityAccMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Gravity Acceleration, in the time domain.

### tBodyAccJerkMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Linear Acceleration Jerk, in the time domain.

### fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Linear Acceleration Jerk, in the frequency domain.

### tBodyGyroMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Andular Acceleration, in the time domain.

### fBodyBodyGyroMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Andular Acceleration, in the frequency domain.

### tBodyGyroJerkMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Andular Acceleration Jerk, in the time domain.

### fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-[mean|std]

This is the Mean and Standard Deviation of the Magnitude of the Vector (in Euclidian space using X,Y and Z components) of the Body Andular Acceleration Jerk, in the frequency domain.